i was born in Chicago Illinois my
parents moved out to Arizona to be
hippies I started skateboarding I wanted
to come out here in San Francisco
because we're skateboarding is this is
like where skateboarding like star data
to our streets aiding the style of food
skating even started you know where you
got to go in San Francisco you can go
around the city like in one whole day
and hit all the spots you hit all the
little scenes you can hit all little
clicks and you can just you know that
need to be cruise around man have a
great day man every day here golden gate
park right now this is good little flat
ground spot every like rides around on
roller skates and stuff good ways to
come stay flat ground you know everybody
lives in the avenues so you know it's
good place
I love coming here to the skatepark man
hanging out with all the kids all my
friends man it's really great there's
like this big bowl right here set up and
it's got like the little street section
right over there it's pretty fun dude
the lights stay on till like nine
o'clock so we're here abreva nap the
lights turn off we're still out here so
pretty much man i love the skatepark
taqueria bertha right next door Domitian
skateboards out here getting to taco or
two or three honestly all the taqueria
is out here like this one can just come
right up here to this little cart and
you get a taco it's super easy super
quick right by the skate shop you feel
me very good
as a long day of skating It's A Wrap
right now does eating tacos all day
hanging out you know I like to end up in
madrone right here with DJ sad boo music
video night out here as a song and
setting up
Oh
you